I saved the prince once
Did the prince let you take revenge?
If I wanted to kill you
You have no chance of living at all
Although you are the eldest lady of the Jiang family
But it's still the Kong couple who are in charge of the backyard
Your father is not at home
So you want to find a backer
The king is right
Nice
But the prince is no better than me, right?
The emperor is known to be in his twilight years
You are still young
Heroic achievements
If he knew your legs were intact
I'm afraid I can't sleep
Dare to say that the emperor is bold
The prince made this trip
You didn't make a special trip to be my backer, did you?
How do you know it's not?
The poison in the prince is very overbearing
A glass of fairy water is not enough
To completely remove
Want my help
That being the case
Three days later
You come to the palace to detoxify this king
Why is he suddenly angry?
Help me now
The old man is incompetent
Can't save that lady
I heard that my sister has pruritus
And a red rash
I do have a way to save him